Is that so?
Mr. Gu must have misunderstood
Jiamei never said she liked you
Let alone write to you
Maybe Miss Su hasn't told Master Su yet
This is what he wrote to me, believe it or not, you can read it
This is not the handwriting of the coronation.
This is indeed not my daughter a driver
How is that possible?
Mr. Gu wants to be king
Go crazy
Don't even think so
You shut up, it's not your place to speak
You said that Mr. Gu once had a marriage
That's right, this is the bitch next to you
Mr. Gu, can you tell me?
Why are you so abusive to your ex-wife?
Tell the truth
Mrs. Su, Sunan, he came from a bad family
A mother is born without a mother
He annoys my mother every day
He also kept saying that he was the eldest lady of the Su family
I can't stand it. I just divorced him
He also cheated on a lot of people
I don't know how many wild men I've slept with, have I?
Do you know who my daughter is now?